We release what we call the G
we done for A P
and uh we're calling this as a workbench,
which means that not only that you can use it
to obviously impress your clients and do demo of what gen
wizard is.
But we also want our people to and then crowdsource all our people to know,
use the platform and contribute back, which is
if you've seen Gen
Wizard demo, you
would have come across the prom marketplace.
We want project teams to
use the prompts,
but also recommend back and,
and contribute back to the to the marketplace
as well so that we are constantly bringing
the best of our delivery experiences into the platform
and then you use that to properly also
uh deliver
and uh
access all the intelligent
toss that we have.
So the first release that happened in December,
we started off uh with a set of 25 use cases,
but there's the whole plan to not come up with releases going up every quarter
and you'll come that a slide coming up in a minute.
But to do that, we said
this is an early days, right?
And a lot of those solutions are based on experiments that we did early on,
we found that there were things that
we learned,
which we thought that we would, we would not have a straight walk in there.
For example,
when we do talk about code generation
and I use generative A I open A I to create a code for a Python or A Java a.net.
The efficiency is very high.
But when I tried that on a project in North America to do code generation with
a A
which is the programming language in the city,
the the the efficiency levels, the accuracy scores were very low,
almost like 10 20%.
Initially,
then we refined the pro
tried to do all the plant engineering, it went up.
But also what happened is
GP T 3.5 that we used in those experiments were trained till September 2021 data
and in the open internet sources,
uh all the above code that was generated was
classical above or what we call as old above
in SAP world.
SAP also moved to a new modern
ABA which was what we call cloud application programming and restful ABA.
And on those on those uh code generation experiments,
the accuracy and the fix score wellness,
right?
So we said we need to be careful about what we promise
and what the product actually can do today.
And therefore we said four categories of the use cases were defined for helping our
teams to understand what is the maturity of those use cases as well.
And so we have private preview,
which is the accuracy of the experiments have been reported as low
public is where I think the output is OK medium, it can be better, but we can still
start showing the client for the private.
If you want to do a demo,
please have somebody from the coet work along with you so that you know
what it does and what it does not uh
public preview, you can use it on your own as well.
General availability is what is saying that the output accuracy is high,
you can use it especially in document generation and all
you can use those but savings are not
confirmed because we are doing those experiments.
Now, since the release that we did in December,
I'm saying we need at least six months to capture those savings and experiments.
And in June is when we will have these initial set of use
cases with the savings uh part of the the solution guidelines built in,
right.
So,
so that's the details in there that you have and broadly
those are the categories just to remember those Harvey Balls.
Yeah.
So these are the different set of use cases across those left hand side
of the picture and you'll probably see this in the demo in a minute.
But uh in in discover envision we've got how you can
use this to create your process hierarchy fit to standard.
Uh You can use it to analyze your code and do similarity analysis of
your custom objects with standard SCP objects you can use to create requirements,
your design deliverables FDT DS configurations
and all of those pretty high, I would say accuracy in there.
And then there is a whole of aspects of A MS of work that we've done with Lion and Jung
and some of the clients in there.
Process side again, the three use cases in the bottom
on finance, customer service and supply chain
and, and then talent and change and data. You've got some of them in there as well.
Yeah, and, and, and one other thing that we have also learned, right,
how to improve the accuracy because the content which is available
in in the open source is what you have in there.
And therefore the way we said this,
we can complement open A I sources with accenture's knowledge repository.
We have great assets that we have built over the last many, many years decades.
Now, things like my
concerto
which has all our industry accelerators process documentation, not
so in that vector
of accenture, look at accenture's vector database.
We have threatened all those 100,000 documents
which we have built as assets.
And I think the approach is that you have
when you, when you run these prompts,
you get the best of accenture's IP and the
best of what is available in the open sources
and,
and I think that whole IP also has to improve because uh we need
to keep on making sure that whatever news coming up from Mississippi is also
pulled back, plowed back into that uh IP base
in terms of the NASCAR
of what's coming up, this is a larger list of use cases.
So what you see in purple are what's coming from accenture
SAP solutions are highlighted in blue. So a lot of things like I said, SAPJ
is a copilot that you would have generative A I hub as a developer platform,
build code is the low
no
code gene
driven uh
product that they have uh SAP data sphere. SAP saying you don't, you can actually
uh no, you can actually create a vector store inside Sapsap.
So you your clients have that choice also to use SAPS
vector stores in there as well,
right?
So, and, and, and we've been working very closely with recipe.
We had a call to the one recipe guys to know,
get access to what are they talking in there?
They are, they are also releasing in a very limited way.
But this is where I think for a customer and especially uh clients who are on recipe,
we will have to know uh advise them in terms of what the right options be.